Add lighthouse slack removal link in offboarding template (#89826)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/offboarding-request.md

---
name: Offboarding request

> about: To inform the Platform team when a VSP or VFS team member has left and needs offboarding.

Author: ```suggestion
about: To inform the Platform team when a VA.gov Platform or VFS team member has left and needs offboarding.
```

title: Offboarding of [individual]
labels: analytics-insights, Offboarding, operations
assignees: ''

---

# Instructions

> Fill out name of individual and **Description** section below. Note: This form only handles deactivation from the DSVA (Office of CTO @ VA) Slack instance. For Lighthouse Slack removal, visit [this page](https://confluence.devops.va.gov/display/VAExternal/LHDI+Offboarding+Process).

Reviewer: Rather then referencing the Confluence, you should reach out to the @department-of-veterans-affairs/lighthouse-owls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill out name of individual and **Description** section below. Note: This form only handles deactivation from the DSVA (Office of CTO @ VA) Slack instance. For Lighthouse Slack removal, post a message in the [#lighthouse-delivery-platform-support](https://lighthouseva.slack.com/archives/C03UA9MV1EH) and @lighthouse-di-enablement team for assistance.
```
Feel free to adjust the wording if anything sounds off but until we get our ticketing system in, reaching out to the owls team in the lighthouse-delivery-platform-support channel is the current way to get help.

> Fill out name of individual and **Description** section below. Note: This form only handles deactivation from the DSVA (Office of CTO @ VA) Slack instance. For Lighthouse Slack removal, post a message in the [#lighthouse-delivery-platform-support](https://lighthouseva.slack.com/archives/C03UA9MV1EH) and @lighthouse-di-enablement team for assistance.

Author: ```suggestion
Fill out name of individual and **Description** section below. Note: This form only handles deactivation from the DSVA (Office of CTO @ VA) Slack instance. For Lighthouse Slack removal, post a message in [#lighthouse-delivery-platform-support](https://lighthouseva.slack.com/archives/C03UA9MV1EH) and tag @lighthouse-di-enablement team for assistance.
```
